%msg0%
"Intruder Alert! A RED Spy is in the Base!"
(You are a Soldier on BLU Team playing on the map 2Fort and your job is to win the game By either capturing RED Team's briefcase or protecting your own) 
A RED Spy has breached your defenses and is attempting to steal your Intelligence Briefcase
What Will You Do?
1. Go Down to the Intelligence Room and Protect Your Briefcase 
2. Trust That Your Team Will Kill the Spy and Try to Steal the RED Briefcase
%msg0%
%msg1%
(You Chose to Protect the Briefcase)
You: "A RED Spy is in the base?"
(You run down to the Intel Room)
You: "Hut hut hut hut hut."
Administrator: "Protect the briefcase!"
You: "We need to protect the briefcase!"
(As You approach the door You see your teammate the Scout, struggling with the code to open the door)
Scout: "Yo, a little help here?"
What is the Code to Get in?
1. 1111 %2%
2. 1234 %3%
%msg1%
%msg2%
You: "Alright, alright, I got it. Stand back son. One, two three, uhh, four!"
(The door doesn't make a noise, indicating that you used the wrong password)
Scout: "Let's go, let's go, let's go!"
(You look behind You and see your teammate the Heavy running at You with his minigun)
Heavy: "Incoming!"
(Heavy runs into the You and Scout, breaking down the door with his minigun. Heavy runs towards the briefcase, knocking both You and Scout over in the process)
(The RED Spy Could Already Be in the Room!)
What Would You Like to Do
1. Shoot Rockets Everywhere to Try and Kill the Spy While He's Either Invisible or Disguised As One of Your Teammates %4%
2. Wait to See Whether the Briefcase is Okay or Not %5%
%msg2
%msg3
"Alright, alright, I got it. Stand back son. One, two three, uhh, four!"
You: "Alright, alright, I got it. Stand back son. One, one one, uhh, one!"
(The door beeps, telling you that you entered the correct password)
Scout: "Let's go, let's go, let's go!"
(You look behind You and see your teammate the Heavy running at You with his minigun)
Heavy: "Incoming!"
(Heavy runs into the You and Scout, breaking down the door with his minigun. Heavy runs towards the briefcase, knocking both You and Scout over in the process)
(The RED Spy Could Already Be in the Room!)
What Would You Like to Do
1. Shoot Rockets Everywhere to Try and Kill the Spy While He's Either Invisible or Disguised As One of Your Teammates %4%
2. Wait to See Whether the Briefcase is Okay or Not %5%
%msg3
%msg4
You Chose to Shoot Rockets Everywhere
You: "Maggots!"
(You shoot rockets around the room, hitting the Scout in the process)
Scout: "I'm dying here" 
(The Scout dies but as he falls to the ground, he transforms into the RED Spy)
(Feeling victorious that you killed the RED Spy, you begin to laugh at him)
(The rest of your team leaves and as you continue to taunt the dead Spy, you hear the loud decloaking sound of the Spy)
(Just as you realize that the Spy faked his death using his deadringer, you get backstabbed and die)
You Have Died
%msg4%
%msg5%
You Chose to Wait to See Whether the Briefcase was Okay or Not
Scout: [Screams,]... "Hey, it's still here."
Heavy: [Yells,]... "Alright then."
[Camera pans to behind Heavy. There is a BLU Spy holding a BLU Sniper over his shoulder. The Sniper is dead.]
Spy: "Ahem, gentlemen. I see the briefcase is safe."
You: "Safe and sound!"
Scout: "Yeah, it is!"
Spy: "Tell me, did anyone happen to kill a RED Spy on the way here?"
(Scout shrugs, You and Heavy look at each other and then back to Spy)
"No? Then we still have a problem."
(Spy tosses Sniper's corpse onto the desk, showing the Sniper still has a Spy's knife in his back)
"Ooh, big problem. I kill plenty of Spies. They're dime-a-dozen back-stabbin' scumbags. Like you! No offense."
"If you manage to kill them, I assure you, they were not like me."
"And nothing, nothing, like the man loose inside this building."
"What are you? President of his fan club?"
"No.."
"That would be your mother!"
(Spy brings out a Manila folder. He slams it against the desk, and it has "TOP SECRET, SCOUT'S MOM" written on it) 
(Multiple images of the RED Spy and BLU Scout's mother being intimate fly out of the folder and onto the desk)
"Indeed, and now he is here to Fuck us! So listen up, boy, or photography starring your mother will be the second worst thing that happens to you today."
"The Spy has already breached our defenses...
"You've seen what he's done to our colleagues!"
"And worst of all, he could be any one of us."
"He could be in this very room! 
(The BLU Spy seems to know a lot about the RED Spy. That Seems Suspicious)
This Spy Seems Suspicious, What Would You Like to Do About it
1. Shoot the BLU Spy %6%
2. Do Noting and Wait Until You're Sure %7%
%msg5%
%msg6%
You Chose to Shoot the Spy
Spy: "He could be you. He could be me! He could even be-" 
(The Spy's head get blown off mid sentence by your shotgun)
Scout: "Woah, woah, woah!"
Heavy: "Oh..."
You: "What? It was obvious! He was the RED Spy! Watch, he'll turn red any second now."
(You nudge the BLU Spys foot with your shotgun)
You: "Aaaany second now..."
(The Scout looks around, seemingly unfazed by the death of his teammate and slowly approaches)
You: "See! Red! No wait, that's blood..."
(The now RED Spy un-flicks the knife, slowly approaching the unsuspecting BLU's)
Heavy: "So... We still got problem."
You: "Big problem..."
(The Scout approaches them, knife ready)
You: "Alright, who's ready to go find this Spy?"
(You and Heavy are unaware as the BLU Scout uncloaks and turns out to be the RED Spy. The Spy lifts his knife, prepared to backstab both of them.)
RED Spy: "Right behind you." 
You Have Died
%msg6%
%msg7%
You Decide to Wait Until You're Sure That the BLU Spy is the RED Spy
Spy: "He could be you. He could be me! He could even be invisible."
You: "Let's catch this crouton eating Frenchie"
Scout: "Shouldn't we uhh, get some backup here!"
Who Should You Call for backup
1. Call for the Medic
2. Call for the Pyro
%msg7%
%msg8%
You Decide to Call for the Medic
You: "C'mere Cupcake"
(The Medic uses his Über charge to make You invulnerable as You attempt to find the RED Spy)
Medic: "Auf Wiedersehen, Schweinehund!"
(Struggling to find the Spy, You start frantically looking around and shooting everything)
(As the Über charge runs out you hear the Medic scream)
Medic: "Ze Spy is a double agent!"
(You turn around to see the Medic dead on the ground with the RED Spy behind him)
(You run over to hit him with your shovel but the Spy runs around you and backstabs you)
You Have Died
%msg8%
%msg9%
You Chose to Call the Pyro
You: "C'mere Sally"
(The Pyro runs over to you and starts setting everything on fire while yelling)
Pyro: "Murr hurr mphuphurrur, hurr mph phrr"
(The BLU Scout gets set on fire indicating that he is the RED Spy and begins to yell)
Scout:"Oh, I'm burnin', I'm-I'm burnin'!"
(The Scout dies and transforms into the RED Spy)
You Have Won
%msg8%
Option 2 First Question At start
%msg9%
You Chose to Trust That Your Team Will Kill the Spy and Try to Steal the RED Briefcase
%msg9%